reorg smartcache docs, fixup links, etc. (#123)
microsoft/MLOS: source/Mlos.Agent.Server/README.md

# Mlos.Agent.Server

## Contents

- [Mlos.Agent.Server](#mlosagentserver)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Building](#building)
    - [Linux](#linux)
    - [Windows](#windows)
  - [Executing](#executing)
  - [Caveats](#caveats)

## Overview

The [`Mlos.Agent.Server`](./#mlos-github-tree-view) is essentially a small and generic C# wrapper around several other communication channels to allow different components to connect for component experimentation convenience.

It provides

1. Shared memory communication channels via the [`Mlos.Agent`](../Mlos.Agent/#mlos-github-tree-view) and [`Mlos.NetCore`](../Mlos.NetCore/#mlos-github-tree-view) libraries.

2. A [`Mlos.Agent.GrpcServer`](../Mlos.Agent.GrpcClient/#mlos-github-tree-view) GRPC channel to allow driving the experimentation process from a Jupyter notebook (work in progress).

3. A GRPC client to allow connecting to the (Python) [`mlos.Grpc.OptimizerMicroserviceServer`](../Mlos.Python/mlos/Grpc/OptimizerMicroserviceServer.py#mlos-github-tree-view) to store and track those experiments.

Since it is meant as a reusable agent for different components, it contains no specific message processing logic itself.

> Rather, it starts an [`Mlos.Agent`](../Mlos.Agent/#mlos-github-tree-view) message processing loop which loads each component's SettingsRegistry assembly dlls upon registration request (via the `RegisterComponentConfig` and `RegisterAssemblyRequestMessage` from [`Mlos.Core`](../Mlos.Core/#mlos-github-tree-view) and [`Mlos.NetCore`](../Mlos.NetCore/#mlos-github-tree-view)) and runs their `AssemblyInitializer` constructor to setup the component specific message handler callbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather, it starts an [`Mlos.Agent`](../Mlos.Agent/#mlos-github-tree-view) message processing loop which loads each component's `SettingsRegistry` assembly dlls upon registration request (via the `RegisterComponentConfig` and `RegisterAssemblyRequestMessage` from [`Mlos.Core`](../Mlos.Core/#mlos-github-tree-view) and [`Mlos.NetCore`](../Mlos.NetCore/#mlos-github-tree-view)) and runs their `AssemblyInitializer` constructor to setup the component specific message handler callbacks.
```

Not sure if "assembly" is a name here and should be code-formatted or capitalized? I wasn't familiar with the term.

Author: I wasn't either when I first started, that's why I tend to couple it with the term "dll" to make the idea more clear.

See the [`SmartCache`](../Examples/SmartCache/#mlos-github-tree-view) code, especially it's SettingsRegistry's [`AssemblyInitializer.cs`](../Examples/SmartCache/SmartCache.SettingsRegistry/AssemblyInitializer.cs#mlos-github-tree-view) for a more detailed example.

## Building

See Also

- General [build](../../documentation/02-Build.md) instructions

> Note: these commands are given relative to the root of the MLOS repo.

### Linux

```sh
make -C source/Mlos.Agent.Server
```

### Windows

```cmd
msbuild /m /r source/Mlos.Agent.Server/Mlos.Agent.Server.csproj
```

## Executing

The `Mlos.Agent.Server` has several different operating modes.

> Please see the `--help` usage output for additional detail.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the `--help` usage output for additional details.
```

```shell
dotnet target/bin/Release/Mlos.Agent.Server.dll --help
```

## Caveats

> - The system currently only supports one shared memory region and doesn't always cleanup the shared memory after itself if something goes wrong.

Reviewer: A list with a single item probably looks a bit strange but I don't have strong feelings about it.

Author: Planning for the future ;)
